# README
This program is an Olympic games medal counter written in .c language. It's fairly simple and easy to use, but I recommend reading the instructions below. The repository consists of the source code project.c, a corresponding executable file main.exe and an example file for the results. These are all located in the src subdirectory. The program can be run by double clicking on the executable file. It can also be compiled from the source code project.c into your own executable file using the GCC compiler. For this, navigate into the src directory and run gcc -o my_executable project.c. If you don't have the GCC compiler on your windows system or are unsure whether you have it or not, you can check the GCC_download_instructions guide.

The program lists countries and their medal counts for certain Olympic games. Each entry in the database consists of the name of the country in question as well as how many gold, silver and bronze medals have been gained so far. The program can be used to add data manually and save it or to download the results from an existing file. A file named example has been created for this purpose and can be found in the src directory. At any point the user may visualize the results in the command prompt, add another country to the database, update the medal count of an already existing country, write the current results in a file or download them from another file overwriting the current data. However, the downloaded file has to be created by this program therefore an 'example' file is given in order to save time.

The program starts with a welcoming message after which the user can choose between the following options: A, M, L, W, O and Q. The program does a good job at explaining what these do and gives feedback after each command, therefore the execution won't be explained here in further detail. A few things the user should avoid doing are mentioned here though. When adding a new country the  A (add) and M (update) commands have to be used separately, just typing a new country with a medal count doesn't work. Also, A takes only one string similarly to M, therefore a country such as United Kingdom should be written as UK or UnitedKingdom for the program to work properly. While using M the user should input three integers after the string. All characters, strings and integers should be separated by white space for each command that takes multiple arguments. The program will always tell if a command has been successful or not.
